#summary How to use this program
#labels Featured

=Using this program=

==Getting started==

  * In the synaptics control panel, *disable* any two-finger and three-finger gestures (pinch-zoom, two-finger scrolling, Application gestures).
  * Run the executable. A notification icon should appear, and you should be able to scroll with two fingers.
  * To run on startup you can add a shortcut to your Start menu » Startup folder, or add it to the registry. (add it to `HKLM/Software/Microsoft/Windows/CurrentVersion/Run` to run as Administrator—see later). Add `/silent` to the command line argument to suppress the about dialog on startup.
  * to override settings for individual applications (many applications still react poorly to smooth scrolling), do a palm press gesture with that application in the foreground. If your touchpad doesn't recognise palm presses, assign "Show active app settings" to one of the other gestures.

==Notes==

Old laptops may require more up-to-date drivers, check the [http://www.synaptics.com/resources/drivers Synaptics web site].

To recognise 64-bit applications you need to run the 64-bit version. To recognise applications running with elevated rights you need to run this program as Administrator as well.

I tested my version on a Dell XPS laptop (Windows 7 64-bit) and on an old netbook (Which I believe is an OEM version of an MSI Wind U100, with 32-bit Windows XP). I don't know how well it works on other systems. If it doesn't work on your system, try one of the other projects on the [about] page.